feat(processes): document time goals feature (#810)
camunda-cloud/camunda-cloud-documentation: docs/components/optimize/userguide/processes.md

---
id: processes
title: Processes
---

## Overview

> The processes section give you an overview of all the processes and their status on a single page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The processes section gives you an overview of all the processes and their status on a single page.
```

It allows you to set a process owner to take responsibility of the process and time goals to track its performance.

![Processes page](./img/processes.png)

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Setting an owner: 

> Assign the responsibility for process health to have the right conversation with the right person to fix a process. Once you open up the set owner modal, you can select one of the users in your organization to be the main person responsible for the process.

Reviewer: nit: just a matter of taste, I don't think we need to highlight a reason but rather just indicate the meaning of an owner? wdyt about this?
```suggestion
Assign the owner for process health to make transparent who is the responsible individual for it. Once you open up the set owner modal, you can select one of the users in your organization to be the main person responsible for the process.
```

![Set Owner](./img/set-owner.png)

> Once an owner is set on a process, You can sort the processes page by owner to see how each of your process owners perform.

Reviewer: also just a matter of taste, I think it's not really about owner performance but neat to get a quick overview of processes by owner?
```suggestion
Once an owner is set on a process, You can sort the processes page by owner to quickly see which processes have a common owner.
```

## Set and track time-based goals:
Setting duration goals on a process makes it easier to quickly see its health over time. It is also useful to track the result of any improvements done on the process.

Once you open up the modal, you’ll be met by two goals: a target goal and an SLA goal for process instance duration. The target goal assumes that 75% of your process instances follow your happy path or can automatically be resolved entirely. In contrast, the SLA goal is to ensure that you can still guarantee your customers how long a process should take while excluding outliers, even if human intervention is required.

![Set time goals](./img/timeGoals.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
